Added fix for issue https://github.com/ZOSOpenTools/utils/issues/56 (#69)
ZOSOpenTools/utils: README.md

cd ${HOME}/zot/dev/m4
${HOME}/zot/dev/utils/bin/zopen build
```

## zopen-importenvs
   This script is used to source the .env from ~/zopen/prod or ~/zopen/boot direectoy as explained below:

   Usage of script is: ". ./zopen-importenvs [path to buildenv to fetch dependency]"
   The path to buildenv is optional.

   If path is provided: the dependencies from the buildenv file are read and the env is sourced from prod/boot directory.

>    Else if path is not provided then env from each of the directory in prod & boot directories are sourced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Else if path is not provided then the .env from each project directory in the ~/zopen/prod & ~/zopen/boot directories are sourced.
```

Author: Yes i have modified, as suggested. Thank you!
